Changes in Version 1.2-6

  o Moved "tcltk" again from Imports to Suggests to facilitate usage of
    colorspace on platforms where tcltk is not available.


Changes in Version 1.2-5

  o Changed Depends/Imports/Suggests to conform with current R CMD check.


Changes in Version 1.2-4

  o Bug fix for choose_palette() when using palette functions with
    optional alpha channels.


Changes in Version 1.2-3

  o Alpha channel is preserved in desaturate for named colors (especially
    "transparent" and NA). (Reported by Simon Potter.)

  o Added alpha argument for all palette functions (see ?rainbow_hcl).
    
  o Small fixups for R CMD check.


Changes in Version 1.2-2

  o Names of colors are preserved in hex() and hex2RGB() now. (Reported
    by Richard Cotton.)


Changes in Version 1.2-1

  o If a new version of the dichromat package (> 1.2-4) with tritan
    support is found, this is interfaced in choose_palette().


Changes in Version 1.2-0

  o New Tcl/Tk-based GUI for choosing different types of palettes:
    qualitative (rainbow_hcl), single-hue sequential (sequential_hcl),
    multi-hue sequential (heat_hcl), and diverging (diverge_hcl). The
    GUI provides a wide collection of pre-stored palettes, easy
    manipulation of the corresponding arguments, illustration through
    a broad range of plot types (maps, heatmaps, variations of bar plots,
    scatter plots, and many more), emulation of desaturation and
    dichromatic vision, loading/saving palettes, etc.    

  o Bug fix in polarLAB_to_LAB conversion.

  o All .Call() calls now with PACKAGE = "colorspace".
  
  o Added some simple tests based on the examples and vignette.


Changes in Version 1.1-1

  o Added desaturate() function for removal of chroma in a given
    vector of colors.

  o Bug fix in HLS_to_RGB conversion for s == 0.


Changes in Version 1.1-0

  o Added "sRGB" colorspace.
    (Existing "RGB" colorspace is linearized "sRGB".)

  o Conversions to and from "HSV" and "HSL" can only occur
    from or to "RGB" or "sRGB" (because both "HSV" and "HSL"
    are relative colorspaces, meaning relative to a particular
    RGB colorspace).
    (Converting to or from "RGB" gives a different result 
     compared to conversion to or from "sRGB".)

  o All 'gamma' parameters in all R-level functions have been deprecated.
    (The "sRGB" colorspace has implicit gamma.)


Changes in Version 1.0-1

  o "Escaping RGBland" paper is now published Computational
    Statistics & Data Analysis as doi:10.1016/j.csda.2008.11.033.
    Citation and references updated accordingly.


Changes in Version 1.0-0

  o new version to accompany the "Escaping RGBland" paper accepted
    for publication in Computational Statistics & Data Analysis, see
    citation("colorspace")
    

Changes in Version 0.97

  o moved color palettes from vcd to colorspace,
    including vignette("hcl-colors")
  
  o added infrastructure for HLS color space

  o new CITATION file
